Collectively, we were able to design a code capable of performing a somewhat simple task, but there were a variety of steps taken to reach that point. Part of the design process was fairly simple, while other parts were very challenging. The steps taken towards the design and coding process were finding a problem, collecting information about the problem, developing solutions, and testing those solutions to find their usefulness and reliability. Additionally, the difficulties with the implementation we encountered were mostly designing the code’s functionalities and making sure it did exactly what it was designed for. 
Firstly, the problem that we came to solve was our lack of artistic ability on paper. This is a useful and quite common ability that neither of us has. The ability to draw things is useful for understanding objects that have multiple, important details. One example of this is housing blueprints that show all of the big or small details and their dimensions. While a code that improves the ability to draw is amazing (also quite impossible for relatively new coders like ourselves), we decided to go for the next best thing: a code that draws for you. This idea seemed pretty interesting, yet still challenging enough to have room to play with our code. 
Next, we had to collect information about our problem. In our case, we had researched through MATLAB resources for different bits and pieces of inspiration. One such resource was showing different ways to create a picture or, in other terms, a drawing of our choice. After collecting all of the necessary information to attempt the formulation and further design of the code, we were then prepared to solve our next problem of having the code create the drawings.
After collecting information, we had to come up with our solutions for this problem of creating our drawings, all while following the necessary MATLAB procedures. The one to be declared as the leading solution was creating a plot for each drawing and having GUI’s be a contributing factor. Using a code we found in some MATLAB forums, we were able to develop our own “plot drawings” using a similar code. Initially, we discussed what pictures we should draw and came up with a list of some interesting ideas. After drawing the pictures out on paper and deciding where the plot locations should be to draw the picture, we converted it all into code language and were able to have our ideas come to life on MATLAB. While writing the code, we soon found out that our drawing ideas were phenomenal. So phenomenal, in fact, that we were unable to use half of them due to our inexperience writing code. We then simplified our drawings to better suit our code writing capabilities.
We started out with a code that would choose a random “x” value and then choose a picture based on whatever value was selected. This way, using the code would be sort of like a little game where you could see what pictures were formed based solely on RNG. We used an if loop to set each picture equal to an “x” value and then let the code choose each one randomly. This worked flawlessly, until we began to add the GUI functions and couldn’t figure out quite how to implement the plots for our pictures into the GUI’s to work in conjunction with each other. Using the video lecture over the final exam, we were able to set up the GUI’s similar to Professor Lanik’s code, using a scrollbar and other functions to give us a window that would scroll through the pictures based on the value of x. Although we were able to produce a figure with a scrollbar and the other buttons, we could never figure out how to get our picture plots to combine with the figure and show the pictures in it.
Overall, the project was a good experience and showed us that we can create interesting things using code. We were happy with our ability to write a code that could draw random pictures of our choosing after creating  plot locations for each picture. While working on the project, we realized that we still have much to learn both in MATLAB and coding in general. Our hopes are to continue using MATLAB to make similar projects with more detailed pictures. Later on, we would ideally use MATLAB as a recourse for schoolwork and in the workforce as mechanical engineers. 
